M#0: test sentence testing testing.

M#1: As the chef thrusts the pie forwards, you lunge forward, grasp the door, and slam it closed so the pie can bounce off the door shield!

M#2: Minotaurs are half man, half bull abominations who hate the colour red.

M#3: The mystical world is filled with wizards monsters and magic.

M#4: watch out for that cyclops' metal arm! Careful he doesn't poke out your eye.

M#5: The crabby crabs curiously circled, moving closer and closer after each circle. They lunge, snapping their crushing claws!

M#6: Send your disgusting drowning goopy stink away! Swat the thick slime away to avoid potential suffocation! Push through the cloud, eyes burning, nose plugged, you can do this!

M#7: Slimes are made of Gooey goo, make sure not to let them touch your favourte shoe.

M#8: The crying child shoots tears faster than a bullet, it even burned right through the wall. You ended up finding a load of sand in your pockets from the beach, so then you throw that sand into her eyes the clumping sand from the acid tears, stops her in her tracks.

M#9: You see that it doesn't have any legs, but to move around it is shifting its weight to throw itself, you must figure out how to stop it, from killing you. So you sprint towards it , not allowing it to get a chance to attack by sliding and kicking the chest over on its side. This saved you since it can't easily pick itself back up, with no legs!

M#10: The monster came towards you with breakneck speeds! But you remember that it must be blind since it didn't attack till you moved So you pick up a piece of wood from the stairs and threw it to the corner  it sprinted towards the wood thinking it was you, then you escaped through the door and closed it behind you!

M#11:  Flames, fire, lava, all the things hotter than this, You begin to attack, but whenever you get close you can feel the heat. If you don't attack now you will be the next thing to burn, So jump into action first, attack it's feet then slice at it's chest, steam shoots out of its wounds. With this final blow slice with all the power you can use, this is it, this is the final shot!